Add detailed installer docs (#220)
weaveworks/profiles: userdocs/profiles.dev/docs/installer-docs/generate-local-manifests.md

---
sidebar_position: 4
---

# Generating local manifests

If you are curious to see what `pctl` will create _without_ opening a PR
in your GitOps repo, you can generate the files locally by dropping all the `pr`
related flags.

For example, using a profile URL:
```yaml
pctl install \
  --profile-url <URL of profile to install> \
  --out relative-path
```

:::info

> When installing a profile via its URL (ie when using the `--profile-url` flag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installing a profile via its URL (i.e. when using the `--profile-url` flag)
```
